[Merged by Bors] - Rename Eth1/Eth2 in documents (#3021)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/mainnet-validator.md

> occured through the use of Lighthouse. We have an experienced internal security team and have
> undergone multiple third-party security-reviews, however the possibility of bugs or malicious
> interference remains a real and constant threat. Validators should be prepared to lose some rewards

> > due to the actions of other actors on consensus layer or software bugs. See the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> due to the actions of other actors on the consensus layer or software bugs. See the
```

### Step 1. Create validator keys

> The Ethereum Foundation provides an "Staking launch pad" for creating validator keypairs and submitting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ethereum Foundation provides a "Staking Launchpad" for creating validator keypairs and submitting
```

deposits:

- [Staking Launchpad][launchpad]

Please follow the steps on the launch pad site to generate validator keys and submit deposits. Make
sure you select "Lighthouse" as your client.

Move to the next step once you have completed the steps on the launch pad,
including generating keys via the Python CLI and submitting gETH/ETH deposits.

### Step 2. Start an execution client

> Since consensus client relies upon the execution chain for validator on-boarding, all consensus validators must have a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the consensus chain relies upon the execution chain for validator on-boarding, all consensus validators must have a
```
